---

Copyright 2013 Mentor Graphics Corp.  All Rights Reserved.

---

# Address transition merge issues
### xtUML Project Implementation Note

1. Abstract
-----------
This note describes the changes required to prevent merging invalid connections.

2. Document References
----------------------
[1] Issues 118, https://github.com/xtuml/internal/issues/118  
[2] CQ Issue dts0101014342  

3. Background
-------------
Marketing requested a state machine merge video.  During the creation of the
video it was noticed that the merge tool would allow a connection with no end
element.

4. Requirements
---------------
4.1 Connectors shall not be merged if both of their end elements will not also  
    be merged.  

5. Work Required
----------------
5.1 Prevent merging connections that will not have both of their ends merged as
    well

The tool shall prevent merging partial connections.  This can occur when one
branch has removed one end of the connection and is merged first.  The second
branch then adds a new connection between the deleted connection end and another
element.

To prevent merging a partial connection a new method is added to
ModelMergeProcessor, mergeProducesInvalidConnection().  This method looks at the
element to be merged.  If it is a connector instance, the method looks at the
connector that will be copied over and verifies that it has both ends.  If the
source connector does not have both ends the check is skipped.  We only want to
prevent the case where we change the connection properties, as some connectors
are allowed to have only one end or even no ends.

6. Implementation Comments
--------------------------
If the design cannot be implemented as written or if it needs some modification,
enumerate the changes to the design in this section.  If there was no preceding
design note, then this section documents any deviations from the implementation
as presented at the pre-implementation engineering review.

7. Unit Test
------------
Outline all the unit tests that need to pass and describe the method that you
will use to design and perform the tests.

8. Code Changes
---------------
Branch name: < enter your branch name here >

<pre>

< Put the file list here >

</pre>

End
---

