Review Meeting Minutes

#  $RCSfile: dts0100631941-01.rvm,v $
#  $Revision: 804 $

#  Reviewed: dts0100631941.ant v1.4
#  Start:    11:00am EST
#  End:      12:32
#  Elapsed:  92 minutes

#  Present:  Cort,Keith,Campbell,Travis,Bob,John,Staffan

-- Number Type  Who         Section    Comment
x- 01     min   bob         5.1.2      over -> overly
x- 02     min   bob         5.2.1      Add detail about how we shall select the 
                                       default palette to use.
o- 03     min   Cort        5.2.1      Minimum requirements:
										-Don't change the palette when opening 
										 a new diagram.
										-Persist palette with diagram.  Remember 
										 the last palette selection on restart.
x- 04     min   bob         5.2.1      How/Where does the user create a new 
                                       palette?
o- 05     min   John        5.2.1      Allow the user to define what the 
                                       default palette to be used is.
                                       Note: Cort says this is not a requirement 
                                       in this version, it can be later.
o- 06     min   Travis     5.2.1      In future add a filter to allow some
                                       items to be filtered frmo a palette.
x- 07     min   all         5.2.2      The menu shall show the elements in the
                                       current palette.  For other elements
                                       the palettes shall be listed and the
                                       model elements can be listed under them. 
                                       In defining this stay close to what the
                                       GMF palette will do.
x- 08     min   bob         5.3        Create an issue to allow us to define a         
                                       migration guide for this release.  
x- 09     min   all         5.3        After discussing the model upgrade we 
                                       decided it is appropriate at this time
                                       to automatically migrate the users model
                                       and therefore we shall take the approach
                                       outlined in 5.1.1.
                                       We shall therefore NOT carry the 
                                       deprecated meta-model packages forward.
x- 10     min   cort        5.3        John shall talk to Saab (and others) to
                                       discuss that model compilers will need
                                       to be updated.  Cort shall get the list
                                       of customers to discuss this with to 
                                       John.
                                       We shall open an issue and assign it to
                                       John to track this.
                                       Note: Staffan agreed to talk to Ericsson
x- 11     min   bob         5.3        Raise issues to update our MC, Verifier,
                                       Docgen, etc to account for this change.
x- 12     min   cort        5.3        A document shall be created to describe 
                                       the changes to customers to facilitate
                                       observation 10.  Raise an issue for this.
x- 13     min   keith         6          We can strike the references to 5.1.2 
                                       because we decided to take the 5.1.1
                                       approach.
x- 14     min   cort        6.2.3      Add detail to clarify this.
x- 15     min   bob         6.2.6      Raise a separate issue for this.
                                       We want to avoid losing the value we get
                                       from the colors.  This new issue should 
                                       be addressed in this version.
x- 16     min   bob         6.3        exisiting -> existing
x- 17     min   bob         6.5        Raise an issue for this.  Since we are
                                       going with option 5.1.1 this work is on
                                       the critical path.
x- 18     min   bob         6.5        We shall not keep the old meta-model
                                       elements around if we don't have. They
                                       may or may not be required for model
                                       upgrade.  This will be determined 
                                       as we move forward with this work.
x- 19     min   john        general    Raise an issue to eliminate the 
                                       system package diagram (and capture the 
                                       need for it in the analysis section).  
                                       This issue 
                                       should be addressed in this version
                                       because it too may require upgrade and we
                                       do not want to put the customer through 
                                       the upgrade again.
   
No major observations, a re-review is not required.

---
End

$Log: dts0100631941-01.rvm,v $
Revision 1.3  2009/11/09 12:45:27  campbell
Job: dts0100631941
Address review observations.

Revision 1.2  2009/11/06 17:40:51  rmulvey
job:dts0100631941
Captured review minutes during the analysis note review.

Revision 1.1  2009/11/06 17:39:48  rmulvey
job:dts0100631941
Captured review minutes during the analysis note review.

