---

Copyright 2014 Mentor Graphics Corp.  All Rights Reserved.

---

# Port BridgePoint source models to Generic packages
### xtUML Project Implementation Note

1. Abstract
-----------
This note describes the code changes for issue 40.

2. Document References
----------------------  
[1] Issues 263, https://github.com/xtuml/doc/issues/263    
[2] /doc-internal/notes/263_dts0101077921/263_dts0101077921_dnt.md   

3. Background
-------------
See [2].

4. Requirements
---------------
See [2].

5. Work Required
----------------
See [2].

6. Implementation Comments
--------------------------

7. Unit Test
------------
See [2].

8. Code Changes
---------------
Branch name: 1077921-promotion

<pre>

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/arc/validate_gen.arc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/
    com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/Datatypes/
    Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/grammar.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/BNF.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Core Data Type/Core Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Data Type/Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/Domain/
    Domain.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/Ebnf/
    Ebnf.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Enumeration Data Type/Enumeration Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Enumerator/Enumerator.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Leaf Node/Leaf Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/Node/
    Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Non Leaf Node/Non Leaf Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/Root/
    Root.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/Rule/
    Rule.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Rule Reference/Rule Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Synchronous Service/Synchronous Service.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Synchronous Service Parameter/Synchronous Service Parameter.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    Terminal/Terminal.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/BNF/
    User Data Type/User Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/grammar/Datatypes/
    Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als/generate.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.als.oal/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.bld.pkg/about.mappings
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.bld.pkg/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.bld.pkg-feature/feature.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.cdt/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.cli/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.compare/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/arc/create_context_menus.arc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/arc/create_core_plugin.inc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    context_menu.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Context Menu/Context Menu.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Context Menu/Context Item/Context Item.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Context Menu/Context Menu Entry/Context Menu Entry.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Context Menu/Custom Field Label/Custom Field Label.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Context Menu/Field/Field.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Context Menu/Menu Entry Filter/Menu Entry Filter.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Context Menu/Step/Step.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Context Menu/Workflow/Workflow.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/
    Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/OOA/
    OOA.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/OOA/
    Block/Block.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/OOA/
    Client Class/Client Class.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/OOA/
    Client Function/Client Function.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/context_menu/OOA/
    Statement/Statement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/Datatypes/
    Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    ooaofooa.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/ooaofooa_hierarchy.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/CompTree/CompTree.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/CompTree/Alternate Child/Alternate Child.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/CompTree/Data_Association_Specification/
    Data_Association_Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/CompTree/External Attribute/External Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/CompTree/External Data Link/External Data Link.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/CompTree/Tree_Node_Specification/
    Tree_Node_Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/CompTree/Tree_Parenthood_Specification/
    Tree_Parenthood_Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/
    ooaofooa_hierarchy/Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Activity.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Accept Event/Accept Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Accept Event Action/Accept Event Action.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Accept Time Event Action/Accept Time Event Action.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Action Node/Action Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Activity/Activity.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Activity Diagram Action/Activity Diagram Action.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Activity Edge/Activity Edge.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Activity Final Node/Activity Final Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Activity In Activity/Activity In Activity.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Activity Node/Activity Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Activity Partition/Activity Partition.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Control Node/Control Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Decision Merge Node/Decision Merge Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Flow Final Node/Flow Final Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Fork Join Node/Fork Join Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Initial Node/Initial Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Object Node/Object Node.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Activity/
    Send Signal/Send Signal.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Association/Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Associated One Side/Class As Associated One Side.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Associated Other Side/
    Class As Associated Other Side.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Derived One Side/Class As Derived One Side.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Derived Other Side/Class As Derived Other Side.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Link/Class As Link.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Simple Formalizer/Class As Simple Formalizer.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Simple Participant/Class As Simple Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Subtype/Class As Subtype.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class As Supertype/Class As Supertype.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Class In Association/Class In Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Derived Association/Derived Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Linked Association/Linked Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Referred To Class in Assoc/Referred To Class in Assoc.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Referring Class In Assoc/Referring Class In Assoc.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Simple Association/Simple Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Association/Subtype Supertype Association/
    Subtype Supertype Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Block/Block.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Body/Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Body in Component/Body in Component.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Body in Element/Body in Element.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Break/Break.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Bridge Body/Bridge Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Continue/Continue.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Control/Control.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Derived Attribute Body/Derived Attribute Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    ElseIf Stmt/ElseIf Stmt.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Else Stmt/Else Stmt.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    For Stmt/For Stmt.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Function Body/Function Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    If Stmt/If Stmt.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Operation Body/Operation Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Provided Operation Body/Provided Operation Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Provided Signal Body/Provided Signal Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Required Operation Body/Required Operation Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Required Signal Body/Required Signal Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    State Action Body/State Action Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Statement/Statement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    Transition Action Body/Transition Action Body.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Body/
    While Stmt/While Stmt.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Breakpoint/Breakpoint.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Breakpoint/Breakpoint/Breakpoint.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Breakpoint/Condition/Condition.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Breakpoint/Event Breakpoint/Event Breakpoint.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Breakpoint/OAL Breakpoint/OAL Breakpoint.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Breakpoint/State Breakpoint/State Breakpoint.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication/Communication.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication/Communication/Communication.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication/Communication in Communication/
    Communication in Communication.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication/Communication Link/Communication Link.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication/Message in Communication/Message in Communication.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication/Participant in Communication/
    Participant in Communication.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/Communication And Access.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/Access Path/Access Path.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/Communication Path/Communication Path.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/EE to SM Comm Path/EE to SM Comm Path.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/EE to SM Event Comm/EE to SM Event Comm.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/SM to EE Access Path/SM to EE Access Path.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/SM to EE Comm Path/SM to EE Comm Path.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/SM to EE Data Item Access/
    SM to EE Data Item Access.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/SM to EE Event Comm/SM to EE Event Comm.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/SM to OBJ Access Path/SM to OBJ Access Path.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/SM to OBJ Attribute Access/
    SM to OBJ Attribute Access.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/SM to SM Comm Path/SM to SM Comm Path.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Communication And Access/SM to SM Event Comm/SM to SM Event Comm.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component/Component.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Library/Component Library.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Library/Component Reference/Component Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Library/Imported Provision/Imported Provision.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Library/Imported Provision In Satisfaction/
    Imported Provision In Satisfaction.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Library/Imported Reference/Imported Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Library/Imported Requirement/Imported Requirement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Library/Port Reference/Port Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Nesting/Component Nesting.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Nesting/Component in Component/
    Component in Component.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Nesting/Domain As Component/Domain As Component.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Packaging/Component Packaging.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Packaging/Component Package/Component Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Component Packaging/Component Package in Package/
    Component Package in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Delegation/Delegation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Executable Property/Executable Property.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Interface/Interface.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Interface Operation/Interface Operation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Interface Reference/Interface Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Interface Reference In Delegation/
    Interface Reference In Delegation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Interface Signal/Interface Signal.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Port/Port.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Property Parameter/Property Parameter.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Provision/Provision.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Requirement/Requirement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Satisfaction/Satisfaction.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Signal Provisions and Requirements/
    Signal Provisions and Requirements.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Signal Provisions and Requirements/Provided Executable Property/
    Provided Executable Property.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Signal Provisions and Requirements/Provided Operation/
    Provided Operation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Signal Provisions and Requirements/Provided Signal/
    Provided Signal.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Signal Provisions and Requirements/Required Executable Property/
    Required Executable Property.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Signal Provisions and Requirements/Required Operation/
    Required Operation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Component/Signal Provisions and Requirements/Required Signal/
    Required Signal.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Constants/Constants.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Constants/Constant in Package/Constant in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Constants/Constant Specification/Constant Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Constants/Leaf Symbolic Constant/Leaf Symbolic Constant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Constants/Literal Symbolic Constant/Literal Symbolic Constant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Constants/Symbolic Constant/Symbolic Constant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Domain.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Bridge/Bridge.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Bridge Parameter/Bridge Parameter.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Core Data Type/Core Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Data Type/Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Data Type in Package/Data Type in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Datatype In Suppression/Datatype In Suppression.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Data Type Package/Data Type Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Data Type Package in Package/Data Type Package in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Dimensions/Dimensions.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Domain/Domain.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    EE Package in Package/EE Package in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Enumeration Data Type/Enumeration Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Enumerator/Enumerator.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    External Entity/External Entity.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    External Entity Data Item/External Entity Data Item.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    External Entity Event/External Entity Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    External Entity Event Data/External Entity Event Data.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    External Entity Event Data Item/External Entity Event Data Item.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    External Entity in Model/External Entity in Model.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    External Entity in Package/External Entity in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    External Entity Package/External Entity Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Function/Function.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Function in Package/Function in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Function Package/Function Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Function Package in Package/Function Package in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Function Parameter/Function Parameter.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Instance Reference Data Type/Instance Reference Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Package Linking/Package Linking.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Package Linking/External Entity Package in Domain/
    External Entity Package in Domain.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Package Linking/Function Package in Domain/Function Package in Domain.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Structured Data Type/Structured Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Structure Member/Structure Member.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Subsystem/Subsystem.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Subsystem in Domain/Subsystem in Domain.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    Subsystem in Subsystem/Subsystem in Subsystem.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    System Model/System Model.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Domain/
    User Data Type/User Data Type.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Element Packaging/Element Packaging.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Element Packaging/Package/Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Element Packaging/Package In Package/Package In Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Element Packaging/Specification Package/Specification Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Engine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Block in Stack Frame/Block in Stack Frame.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Class State Machine Execution/Class State Machine Execution.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Class State Machine Execution/Class In Engine/Class In Engine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Class State Machine Execution/Class In State/Class In State.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Class State Machine Execution/Class Monitor/Class Monitor.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Event Queue Entry/Event Queue Entry.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Intercomponent Queue Entry/Intercomponent Queue Entry.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Monitor/Monitor.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Runtime Channel/Runtime Channel.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Self Queue Entry/Self Queue Entry.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Stack/Stack.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Stack Frame/Stack Frame.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Engine/
    Value in Stack Frame/Value in Stack Frame.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Create Event Statement/Create Event Statement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Create Event to Class/Create Event to Class.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Create Event to Creator/Create Event to Creator.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Create Event to External Entity/Create Event to External Entity.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Create Event to Instance/Create Event to Instance.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Create SM Event Statement/Create SM Event Statement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Event Specification Statement/Event Specification Statement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Generate/Generate.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Generate Event Statement/Generate Event Statement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Generate Preexisting Event/Generate Preexisting Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Generate SM Event Statement/Generate SM Event Statement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Generate to Class/Generate to Class.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Generate to Creator/Generate to Creator.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Event/
    Generate to External Entity/Generate to External Entity.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    External Entities/External Entities.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Functions/Functions.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Functions/Context Menu Entry Functions/Context Menu Entry Functions.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Functions/OAL Validation Functions/OAL Validation Functions.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Functions/OAL Validation Utility Functions/
    OAL Validation Utility Functions.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Globals/
    Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Globals/
    Global Element in System/Global Element in System.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Instance.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Attribute Value/Attribute Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Component Instance/Component Instance.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Component Instance Container/Component Instance Container.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Data Item Value/Data Item Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Instance/Instance.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Link/Link.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Link Participation/Link Participation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Pending Event/Pending Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Instance/
    Timer/Timer.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Instance Access/Instance Access.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Instance Access/Assign to Member/Assign to Member.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Instance Access/Create/Create.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Instance Access/Create No Variable/Create No Variable.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Instance Access/Delete/Delete.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Interaction.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Actor Participant/Actor Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Class Instance Participant/Class Instance Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Class Participant/Class Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Class Participant Attribute/Class Participant Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Component Participant/Component Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/External Entity Participant/External Entity Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Formal Attribute/Formal Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Formal Attribute Value/Formal Attribute Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Function Package Participant/Function Package Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Informal Attribute/Informal Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Informal Attribute Value/Informal Attribute Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Instance Attribute Value/Instance Attribute Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Interaction Participant/Interaction Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Lifespan/Lifespan.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Package Participant/Package Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Time Span/Time Span.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Timing Mark/Timing Mark.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interaction/Use Case Participant/Use Case Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interface Package/Interface Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interface Package/Interface Package/Interface Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Interface Package/Interface Package in Interface Package/
    Interface Package in Interface Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Invocation/Invocation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Invocation/Bridge Invocation/Bridge Invocation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Invocation/Function Invocation/Function Invocation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Invocation/Interface Operation Invocation/
    Interface Operation Invocation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Invocation/Operation Invocation/Operation Invocation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Invocation/Return Stmt/Return Stmt.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Invocation/Signal Invocation/Signal Invocation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Local/
    Local.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Local/
    Instance in Reference/Instance in Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Local/
    Instance in Where Clause/Instance in Where Clause.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Local/
    Local/Local.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Local/
    Local Reference/Local Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Local/
    Local Selected Reference/Local Selected Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Local/
    Local Value/Local Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Asynchronous Message/Asynchronous Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Bridge Argument/Bridge Argument.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Bridge Message/Bridge Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Event Argument/Event Argument.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Event Message/Event Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Executable Property Argument/Executable Property Argument.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Function Argument/Function Argument.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Function Message/Function Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Informal Argument/Informal Argument.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Informal Asynchronous Message/Informal Asynchronous Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Informal Synchronous Message/Informal Synchronous Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Interface Operation Message/Interface Operation Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Message/Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Message Argument/Message Argument.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Operation Argument/Operation Argument.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Operation Message/Operation Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Return Message/Return Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Signal Message/Signal Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Message/
    Synchronous Message/Synchronous Message.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Model Integrity/Model Integrity.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Model Integrity/Integrity Issue/Integrity Issue.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Model Integrity/Integrity Manager/Integrity Manager.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Packageable Element/Packageable Element.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Packageable Element/Component Result Set/Component Result Set.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Packageable Element/Component Visibility/Component Visibility.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Packageable Element/Element Visibility/Element Visibility.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Packageable Element/Packageable Element/Packageable Element.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Packageable Element/Search Result Set/Search Result Set.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Persistence Associations/Persistence Associations.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Persistence Associations/Delegation In Component/
    Delegation In Component.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Persistence Associations/Satisfaction In Component/
    Satisfaction In Component.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Persistence Associations/Satisfaction In Component Package/
    Satisfaction In Component Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Relate And Unrelate/Relate And Unrelate.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Relate And Unrelate/Relate/Relate.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Relate And Unrelate/Relate Using/Relate Using.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Relate And Unrelate/Unrelate/Unrelate.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Relate And Unrelate/Unrelate Using/Unrelate Using.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Runtime Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Array Value/Array Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Component Reference Value/Component Reference Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Instance Reference Value/Instance Reference Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Runtime Value/Runtime Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Simple Core Value/Simple Core Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Simple Value/Simple Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Structured Value/Structured Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Value In Array/Value In Array.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Runtime Value/Value In Structure/Value In Structure.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Search.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Engine/Engine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Engine/Action Language Engine/Action Language Engine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Engine/Declarations Engine/Declarations Engine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Engine/Description Engine/Description Engine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Engine/References Engine/References Engine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Engine/Search Engine/Search Engine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Participation/Participation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Participation/Action Language Searchable/Action Language Searchable.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Participation/Description Searchable/Description Searchable.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Participation/Named Searchable/Named Searchable.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Participation/Searchable Element/Searchable Element.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Participation/Search Participant/Search Participant.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Query/Query.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Query/Action Language Query/Action Language Query.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Query/Declaration Query/Declaration Query.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Query/Description Query/Description Query.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Query/Query/Query.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Query/References Query/References Query.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Result/Result.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Result/Content Match/Content Match.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Result/Content Match Result/Content Match Result.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Result/Match/Match.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Result/Name Match/Name Match.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Search/
    Result/Search Result/Search Result.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Selection/Selection.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Selection/Chain Link/Chain Link.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Selection/Select/Select.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Selection/Select From Instances/Select From Instances.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Selection/Select From Instances Where/Select From Instances Where.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Selection/Select Related By/Select Related By.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Selection/Select Related Where/Select Related Where.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Sequence/
    Sequence.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Sequence/
    Message In Sequence/Message In Sequence.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Sequence/
    Sequence/Sequence.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Sequence/
    Sequence in Sequence/Sequence in Sequence.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/State Machine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Action/Action.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Action Home/Action Home.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Cant Happen/Cant Happen.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Class State Machine/Class State Machine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Creation Transition/Creation Transition.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Event Ignored/Event Ignored.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Event Supplemental Data/Event Supplemental Data.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Instance State Machine/Instance State Machine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Local Event/Local Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Mealy Action Home/Mealy Action Home.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Mealy State Machine/Mealy State Machine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Moore Action Home/Moore Action Home.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Moore State Machine/Moore State Machine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/New State Transition/New State Transition.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/No Event Transition/No Event Transition.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Non Local Event/Non Local Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Polymorphic Event/Polymorphic Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/SEM Event/SEM Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Signal Event/Signal Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/State Event Matrix Entry/State Event Matrix Entry.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/State Machine/State Machine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/State Machine Event/State Machine Event.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/State Machine Event Data Item/
    State Machine Event Data Item.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/State Machine State/State Machine State.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Supplemental Data Items/Supplemental Data Items.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Transition/Transition.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    State Machine/Transition Action Home/Transition Action Home.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Subsystem.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Attribute/Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Attribute Reference in Class/Attribute Reference in Class.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Base Attribute/Base Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Class Identifier/Class Identifier.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Class Identifier Attribute/Class Identifier Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Derived Base Attribute/Derived Base Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Imported Class/Imported Class.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Model Class/Model Class.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/New Base Attribute/New Base Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Operation/Operation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Operation Parameter/Operation Parameter.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Referential Attribute/Referential Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Referential Attribute Visited Recorder/
    Referential Attribute Visited Recorder.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Referred To Identifier Attribute/
    Referred To Identifier Attribute.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    System Level Datatypes/System Level Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    System Level Datatypes/System Constant in Package/
    System Constant in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    System Level Datatypes/System Datatype in Package/
    System Datatype in Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    System Level Datatypes/System Datatype Package/System Datatype Package.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Use Case.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Association In Use Case/Association In Use Case.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Binary Association/Binary Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Extend/Extend.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Generalization/Generalization.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Include/Include.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Participant in Use Case/Participant in Use Case.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Use Case Association/Use Case Association.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Use Case Diagram/Use Case Diagram.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Use Case/
    Use Case in Use Case/Use Case in Use Case.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Actual Parameter/Actual Parameter.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Array Element Reference/Array Element Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Array Length Value/Array Length Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Attribute Value Reference/Attribute Value Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Binary Operation/Binary Operation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Bridge Value/Bridge Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Event Datum Value/Event Datum Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Event Parameter Reference/Event Parameter Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Function Value/Function Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Instance Handle/Instance Handle.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Instance Reference/Instance Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Instance Set/Instance Set.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Instance Set Reference/Instance Set Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Literal Boolean/Literal Boolean.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Literal Enumerator/Literal Enumerator.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Literal Integer/Literal Integer.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Literal Real/Literal Real.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Literal String/Literal String.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Member Value Reference/Member Value Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Message Value/Message Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Operation Value/Operation Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Parameter Value/Parameter Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Selected Reference/Selected Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Symbolic Constant Value/Symbolic Constant Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Transient Value Reference/Transient Value Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Transient Var/Transient Var.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Unary Operation/Unary Operation.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Value/Value.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Variable/Variable.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Value/
    Variable Location/Variable Location.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Wiring/
    Wiring.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/Wiring/
    Automatic Wiring/Automatic Wiring.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/sql/.gitignore
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/generate.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/arc/create_context_menu_tests.arc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/consistencyTest.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/identifierTest/identifierTest.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/linkLeftSide/linkLeftSide.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/linkRightSide/linkRightSide.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/linkTest/linkTest.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/singleFormalizerTest/
    singleFormalizerTest.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/singleParticipantTest/
    singleParticipantTest.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/subtypeLeft/subtypeLeft.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/subtypeRight/subtypeRight.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/consistencyTest/supertypeTest/supertypeTest.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    consistencyTest/External Entities/External Entities.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/DeleteTestModel.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/ASSR Import/ASSR Import.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/ASSR Import/ASSR_IOBJ_REL_Reflex 1/
    ASSR_IOBJ_REL_Reflex 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/ASSR Import/ASSR_IOBJ_REL_Reflex 2/
    ASSR_IOBJ_REL_Reflex 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/ASSR Import/ASSR_IOBJ_REL 1/ASSR_IOBJ_REL 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/ASSR Import/ASSR_IOBJ_REL 2/ASSR_IOBJ_REL 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Import Subsystem/Import Subsystem.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Import Subsystem/Test Class Formalized 1/
    Test Class Formalized 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Import Subsystem/Test Import Class/Test Import Class.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Import Subsystem/Test Import Class/InstanceStateMachine/
    InstanceStateMachine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Import Subsystem/Test Import Class Formalized 2/
    Test Import Class Formalized 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Import Subsystem/Test Import Class Formalized 3/
    Test Import Class Formalized 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Import Subsystem/Test Import Class Formalized 4/
    Test Import Class Formalized 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/Import Subsystem/Test Import Class OtherSide/
    Test Import Class OtherSide.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ Import Subsystem.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 1/
    IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 2/
    IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 3/
    IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 4/
    IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 5/
    IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 6/
    IOBJ_ASSR_REL_Reflex 6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 1/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 10/
    IOBJ_ASSR_REL 10.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 2/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 3/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 4/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 5/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 6/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 7/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 7.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 8/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 8.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 9/IOBJ_ASSR_REL 9.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_None/IOBJ_None.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 1/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 2/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 3/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 4/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 5/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 6/IOBJ_REL_ASSR 6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_IOBJ 1/IOBJ_REL_IOBJ 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_IOBJ 2/IOBJ_REL_IOBJ 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_IOBJ 3/IOBJ_REL_IOBJ 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 1/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 2/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 3/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 4/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 5/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 6/IOBJ_REL_OBJ 6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 1/
    IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 2/
    IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 3/
    IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 4/
    IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 5/
    IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 6/
    IOBJ_REL_OBJASSR 6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_Reflex 1/
    IOBJ_REL_Reflex 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_Reflex 2/
    IOBJ_REL_Reflex 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_REL_Reflex 3/
    IOBJ_REL_Reflex 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 1/
    IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 2/
    IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 3/
    IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 4/
    IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 5/
    IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 6/
    IOBJ_SUB_SUPER 6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_None 1/
    IOBJ_SUPER_None 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_None 2/
    IOBJ_SUPER_None 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_None 3/
    IOBJ_SUPER_None 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 1/
    IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 2/
    IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 3/
    IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 4/
    IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 5/
    IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 6/
    IOBJ_SUPER_SUB 6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/Test Class OtherSide1/
    Test Class OtherSide1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/Test Class OtherSide2/
    Test Class OtherSide2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/Test Class OtherSide3/
    Test Class OtherSide3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/Test Class OtherSide4/
    Test Class OtherSide4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/Test Class OtherSide5/
    Test Class OtherSide5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/IOBJ Import Subsystem/Test Class OtherSide6/
    Test Class OtherSide6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/O_IOBJ_Delete.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide/
    Test Class OtherSide.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 11/
    Test Class OtherSide 11.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 12/
    Test Class OtherSide 12.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 13/
    Test Class OtherSide 13.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 14/
    Test Class OtherSide 14.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 15/
    Test Class OtherSide 15.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 16/
    Test Class OtherSide 16.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 17/
    Test Class OtherSide 17.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 18/
    Test Class OtherSide 18.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 19/
    Test Class OtherSide 19.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 20/
    Test Class OtherSide 20.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 21/
    Test Class OtherSide 21.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSIde 22/
    Test Class OtherSIde 22.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 23/
    Test Class OtherSide 23.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 24/
    Test Class OtherSide 24.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 25/
    Test Class OtherSide 25.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 26/
    Test Class OtherSide 26.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 27/
    Test Class OtherSide 27.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 27a/
    Test Class OtherSide 27a.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 28/
    Test Class OtherSide 28.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 29/
    Test Class OtherSide 29.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 30/
    Test Class OtherSide 30.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 31/
    Test Class OtherSide 31.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 32/
    Test Class OtherSide 32.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 33/
    Test Class OtherSide 33.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 34/
    Test Class OtherSide 34.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 35/
    Test Class OtherSide 35.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 36/
    Test Class OtherSide 36.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 37/
    Test Class OtherSide 37.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 38/
    Test Class OtherSide 38.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 39/
    Test Class OtherSide 39.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 40/
    Test Class OtherSide 40.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 41/
    Test Class OtherSide 41.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 42/
    Test Class OtherSide 42.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 43/
    Test Class OtherSide 43.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 44/
    Test Class OtherSide 44.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 45/
    Test Class OtherSide 45.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 46/
    Test Class OtherSide 46.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 47/
    Test Class OtherSide 47.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 48/
    Test Class OtherSide 48.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 49/
    Test Class OtherSide 49.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 50/
    Test Class OtherSide 50.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 51/
    Test Class OtherSide 51.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 52/
    Test Class OtherSide 52.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 53/
    Test Class OtherSide 53.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 54/
    Test Class OtherSide 54.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 55/
    Test Class OtherSide 55.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 56/
    Test Class OtherSide 56.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 57/
    Test Class OtherSide 57.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 58/
    Test Class OtherSide 58.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 59/
    Test Class OtherSide 59.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 60/
    Test Class OtherSide 60.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 61/
    Test Class OtherSide 61.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 62/
    Test Class OtherSide 62.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 63/
    Test Class OtherSide 63.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_IOBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 64/
    Test Class OtherSide 64.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_OBJ_Delete/O_OBJ_Delete.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_OBJ_Delete/OBJ_ASSR_REL 1/OBJ_ASSR_REL 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_OBJ_Delete/OBJ_ASSR_REL 2/OBJ_ASSR_REL 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_OBJ_Delete/OBJ_ASSR_REL 3/OBJ_ASSR_REL 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_OBJ_Delete/OBJ_ASSR_REL 4/OBJ_ASSR_REL 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_OBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide1/
    Test Class OtherSide1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/O_OBJ_Delete/Test Class OtherSide2/
    Test Class OtherSide2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/OBJ Import/OBJ Import.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/OBJ Import/Test Class OtherSide1/Test Class OtherSide1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/OBJ Import/Test Class OtherSide2/Test Class OtherSide2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/OBJ Import/Test Class OtherSide3/Test Class OtherSide3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/OBJ Import/Test Class OtherSide4/Test Class OtherSide4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/OBJ Import/Test Class OtherSide5/Test Class OtherSide5.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/OBJ Import/Test Class OtherSide6/Test Class OtherSide6.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/R_ASSR_Delete.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/ASSR_OBJ_REL_Reflex 1/
    ASSR_OBJ_REL_Reflex 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/ASSR_OBJ_REL_Reflex 2/
    ASSR_OBJ_REL_Reflex 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/ASSR_OBJ_REL 1/ASSR_OBJ_REL 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/ASSR_OBJ_REL 2/ASSR_OBJ_REL 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 1/
    Test Class OtherSide 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSIde 13/
    Test Class OtherSIde 13.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSIde 14/
    Test Class OtherSIde 14.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 19/
    Test Class OtherSide 19.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 2/
    Test Class OtherSide 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 20/
    Test Class OtherSide 20.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 25/
    Test Class OtherSide 25.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 26/
    Test Class OtherSide 26.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 27/
    Test Class OtherSide 27.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 28/
    Test Class OtherSide 28.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 3/
    Test Class OtherSide 3.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_ASSR_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 4/
    Test Class OtherSide 4.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/R_REL_Delete.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_IOBJ_OBJ 1/REL_IOBJ_OBJ 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_IOBJ_OBJ 2/REL_IOBJ_OBJ 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_OBJ_IOBJ 1/REL_OBJ_IOBJ 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_OBJ_IOBJ 2/REL_OBJ_IOBJ 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_OBJ_OBJ 1/REL_OBJ_OBJ 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_OBJ_OBJ 2/REL_OBJ_OBJ 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_OBJ_OBJ OtherSide 1/
    REL_OBJ_OBJ OtherSide 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_OBJ_OBJ OtherSide 2/
    REL_OBJ_OBJ OtherSide 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_OBJ_Reflex 1/REL_OBJ_Reflex 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_REL_Delete/REL_OBJ_Reflex 2/REL_OBJ_Reflex 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUB_Delete/R_SUB_Delete.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUB_Delete/SUB_OBJ_SUPER 1/SUB_OBJ_SUPER 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUB_Delete/SUB_OBJ_SUPER 2/SUB_OBJ_SUPER 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUB_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 1/
    Test Class OtherSide 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUB_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 2/
    Test Class OtherSide 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUB_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 7/
    Test Class OtherSide 7.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUB_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 8/
    Test Class OtherSide 8.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUPER_Delete/R_SUPER_Delete.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUPER_Delete/SUPER_OBJ_None 1/SUPER_OBJ_None 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUPER_Delete/SUPER_OBJ_SUB 1/SUPER_OBJ_SUB 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUPER_Delete/SUPER_OBJ_SUB 2/SUPER_OBJ_SUB 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUPER_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 1/
    Test Class OtherSide 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUPER_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 2/
    Test Class OtherSide 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUPER_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 7/
    Test Class OtherSide 7.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/R_SUPER_Delete/Test Class OtherSide 8/
    Test Class OtherSide 8.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/REL Import/REL Import.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/REL Import/REL_IOBJ_IOBJ 1/REL_IOBJ_IOBJ 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/REL Import/REL_IOBJ_OBJ 1/REL_IOBJ_OBJ 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/REL Import/REL_IOBJ_OBJ 2/REL_IOBJ_OBJ 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/REL Import/REL_IOBJ_Reflex 1/REL_IOBJ_Reflex 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/SUB Import/SUB Import.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/SUB Import/SUB_IOBJ_SUPER 1/SUB_IOBJ_SUPER 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/SUB Import/SUB_IOBJ_SUPER 2/SUB_IOBJ_SUPER 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/SUPER Import/SUPER Import.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/SUPER Import/SUPER_IOBJ_None 1/SUPER_IOBJ_None 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/SUPER Import/SUPER_IOBJ_SUB 1/SUPER_IOBJ_SUB 1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    DeleteTestModel/SUPER Import/SUPER_IOBJ_SUB 2/SUPER_IOBJ_SUB 2.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    FormalizeUnformalizeTests/FormalizeUnformalizeTests.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/core/test/rtomove/
    RTOMoveTests.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/generate.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.dap.pkg/about.mappings
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.dap.pkg/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.dap.pkg-feature/feature.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.debug.ui/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.doc/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.docgen/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.internal.tools/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/internal/tools/
    mcjava/JavaExportBuilder.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.internal.tools/plugin.xml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.internal.tools/update_BP_version.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/arc/class2table.arc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/arc/export_functions.inc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/
    com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/Datatypes/
    Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    file_io.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    File IO/File IO.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    File IO/Alternate Export Child Link/Alternate Export Child Link.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    File IO/Column/Column.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    File IO/Enhancement Column/Enhancement Column.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    File IO/Export Item/Export Item.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    File IO/Export Ordering/Export Ordering.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    File IO/Graphical Data/Graphical Data.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/file_io/
    File IO/SQL Table/SQL Table.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/generate.xml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.image/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.sql/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc.c.binary/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc.c.source/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc.cpp.source/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc.none/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc.systemc.source/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc.template/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc.vhdl.source/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.mc.xmiexport/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.model.compare/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.model.compare.test/arc/generate_metamodel_compare_test.arc

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.pkg/globals/Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.pkg/about.mappings
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.pkg/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.pkg-feature/feature.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.search/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.sequencecapture/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.test/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/test/common/BaseTest.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/ooaofgraphics.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Canvas Tools.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Connector Tool/Connector Tool.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Connector Tool/InstanceStateMachine/
    InstanceStateMachine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Model Tool/Model Tool.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Model Tool/InstanceStateMachine/
    InstanceStateMachine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Scroll Tool/Scroll Tool.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Scroll Tool/InstanceStateMachine/
    InstanceStateMachine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Selection Tool/Selection Tool.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Selection Tool/InstanceStateMachine/
    InstanceStateMachine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Shape Tool/Shape Tool.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Shape Tool/InstanceStateMachine/
    InstanceStateMachine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Tool Activation Policy/
    Tool Activation Policy.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Canvas Tools/Tool Activation Policy/InstanceStateMachine/
    InstanceStateMachine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/External Entities/External Entities.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Functions/Functions.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Graphical Data.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Anchor On Segment/Anchor On Segment.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Auto Reconciliation Specification/
    Auto Reconciliation Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Client Class Dependency/
    Client Class Dependency.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Connector/Connector.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Containing Shape/Containing Shape.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Element in Model Specification/
    Element in Model Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Element In Move/Element In Move.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Element In Resize/Element In Resize.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Element In Suppression/
    Element In Suppression.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Element Specification/
    Element Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Floating Text/Floating Text.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Graphical Element/Graphical Element.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/GraphicalElementInLayer/
    GraphicalElementInLayer.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Layer/Layer.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Line Segment/Line Segment.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Model/Model.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Model/InstanceStateMachine/
    InstanceStateMachine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Model Specification/Model Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/NonContaining Shape/NonContaining Shape.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Shape/Shape.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Text In Move/Text In Move.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Graphical Data/Waypoint In Move/Waypoint In Move.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Styles/Styles.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Styles/ElementStyle/ElementStyle.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Styles/FillColorStyle/FillColorStyle.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Styles/FontStyle/FontStyle.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Styles/LineColorStyle/LineColorStyle.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/Terminal Specifications.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/Connector Specification/
    Connector Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/Connector Terminal/
    Connector Terminal.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/Containing Shape Specification/
    Containing Shape Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/NonContaining Shape Specification/
    NonContaining Shape Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/Shape Specification/
    Shape Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/Shape Terminal/Shape Terminal.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/Terminal Specification/
    Terminal Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/Terminal Specifications/WhiteSpace Terminal/
    WhiteSpace Terminal.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/CoreSemanticModelBridge/
    CoreSemanticModelBridge.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/Diagram/Diagram.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/DiagramElement/
    DiagramElement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/DiagramLink/DiagramLink.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/Element/Element.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/Ellipse/Ellipse.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/GraphConnector/
    GraphConnector.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/GraphEdge/GraphEdge.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/GraphElement/GraphElement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/GraphicPrimitive/
    GraphicPrimitive.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/GraphNode/GraphNode.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/Image/Image.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/LeafElement/LeafElement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/Point/Point.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/PolyLine/PolyLine.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/Property/Property.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/Reference/Reference.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/SemanticModelBridge/
    SemanticModelBridge.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/SimpleSemanticModelElement/
    SimpleSemanticModelElement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/TextElement/TextElement.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/
    ooaofgraphics/UML 2.0 Diagram Interchange/Waypoint/Waypoint.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/sql/.gitignore
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/generate.xml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.canvas/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.explorer/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.graphics/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.graphics/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/ui/graphics/parts/
    DiagramEditPart.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.properties/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.properties.test/models/
    com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.properties.test/Datatypes/Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.properties.test/generate.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.search/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.sem/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.session/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.text/arc/create_plugin_xml.arc

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/
    com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/Datatypes/
    Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/UITree/
    UITree.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/UITree/
    Datatypes/Datatypes.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/UITree/
    UITree/UITree.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/UITree/
    UITree/Tree_Node_Specification/Tree_Node_Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/UITree/
    UITree/Tree_Parenthood_Specification/Tree_Parenthood_Specification.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.tree/generate_schema.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.utilities/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.verifier.pkg/about.mappings
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.verifier.pkg/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.verifier.pkg-feature/feature.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.welcome/models/GPS Watch/.classpath
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.welcome/models/GPS Watch/.externalToolBuilders/
    Model Compiler.launch
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.welcome/plugin.xml

com.mentor.nucleus.help.bp.mc/META-INF/MANIFEST.MF

doc-internal/notes/670_bump_version_to_4.2.1/
    HOWTO-update-the-BP-version-number.txt
doc-internal/process/HOWTO-create-xtumlmc_build_exe.md

Installer_MIP_MIMIC/build_installer_bp_linux.sh
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/build_installer_bp.sh
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/CLI.bat
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/CLI.sh
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/Launcher.bat
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/Launcher.sh
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/MSI_Director.java
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/MSI_DirectorLinux.java
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/post_install_script.bat
Installer_MIP_MIMIC/post_install_script.sh

MC-Java/arch_utils.inc
MC-Java/build.xml
MC-Java/java.arc
MC-Java/ooa_schema.sql
MC-Java/schema_gen.arc
MC-Java/statement.inc
MC-Java/translate_oal.inc
MC-Java/value.inc
MC-Java/verify_selects.arc



</pre>

End
---

