---

Copyright 2013 Mentor Graphics Corp.  All Rights Reserved.

---

# Add more information for Instance variables in Variable view such as related instances
### xtUML Implementation Note Review Minutes

Reviewed:  135_dts0100895768_int.md   5799f6d4a63b31d2d42a57e391ac8d9035de56bc   
Present:  NM, KB, CM

<pre>

-- Num Type  Who  Section  Comment
x- 01  min   CM   Hdr     Copyright shows 2013
x- 02  min   KB   2       Edit so that cvs is indicated in markdown.
x- 03  min   TL   6.1     "the this Variables View" -> " the Variables View"
x- 04  min   KB   6.1     "and the dispute" -> "there is dispute"
x- 05  min   CM   6.1     "and for consistency issue" -> "and for backwards compatibility"
x- 06  min   KB   6.1.1   "is left is case" -> "is left in case"
x- 07  min   KB   6.1.2   "which basic copying" -> "which basically means copying"
x- 08  min   CM   6.1.2   " when expand instance" -> " when expanding instance"
x- 09  min   KB   6.1.3   "the related instance" -> "the related instances"
x- 10  min   KB   6.1.3   Move last paragraph outside prefomatted box
x- 11  maj   CM   6.1.3   A single mode is controlling two unrelated features.
x- 12  min   CM   6.2     "Show more children" Disambiguate this statement by explaining
                          what additional information is to be shown.
x- 13  maj   KB   6       We should not make the Variables view behave differently than the
                          Session Explorer.
x- 14  maj   KB   6       Ideally we don't want any new modes or preferences, just one
                          consistent way for both SE and the Variables View to operate.
x- 15  maj   CM   6       Use cases are needed to decide if multiple modes are needed and
                          if so how they should operate.
x- 16  min   CM   6.3     Research old mechanism for showing referential values and assess
                          whether it should be fixed in preference to creating a new different
                          mechanism (consider how SE works and if the referential display
                          mechanism there can be leveraged).
x- 17  min   CM   6.4     Don't overload array syntax in Variables View.
x- 18  min   KB   6.3     Raise a separate issue for this since it is a bug rather than an
                          enhancement.
x- 19  min   KB   7       Ensure any new unit tests are added to Verifier test suite 2.
x- 20  maj   CM   Gen.    Recommend implementing only enhanced mode (6.1.2) for now so that
                          SE and Variables View are left consistent.
x- 21  min   CM   Gen.    Raise a separate issue to cover the rest of the enhanced
                          functionality and have it applied to both Session Explorer and the
                          Variables View.

Code review
Not performed.

</pre>
   
Major observations, a re-review is required.


End
---
