---

Copyright 2014 Mentor Graphics Corp.  All Rights Reserved.

---

# Address compare/merge issues from 4.1.10
### xtUML Project Implementation Note

1. Abstract
-----------
This note list the files changed for this issue.

2. Document References
----------------------
[1] Issues 227, https://github.com/xtuml/doc/issues/227  
[2] doc-internal/notes/227/227.dnt.md

3. Background
-------------
See [2].

4. Requirements
---------------
See [2].

5. Work Required
----------------
See [2].

6. Implementation Comments
--------------------------

7. Unit Test
------------
See [2].

8. Code Changes
---------------
Branch name: 227

<pre>

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    External Entities/External Entities.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/models/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/ooaofooa/
    Subsystem/Model Class/Model Class.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/core/ui/Selection.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/core/test/
    TigerNatureTestGenerics.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/arc/gen_import_java.inc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/arc/import_functions.inc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.core/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/io/core/
    ImportHelper.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/odmsGenericsGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/testOAL1.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/testOAL1Generics.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/watch_exportGenerics.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/ascGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/BP50_evt2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/BP50_evtGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/br1fGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/br1Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/br2fGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/br2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/bridgesGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/clGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/dogsGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/enum1Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/enum2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/enum3Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/enum4Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/eventGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/ex1Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/ex2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/ex3Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_G_EVT_LE_precreatedGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_multiple_exit_returnGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_nested_invokeGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_performance_test1Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_performance_test2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_performance_test3Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_performance_test4Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_performance_test5Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_performance_test6Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_performance_test7Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_R_BRG_timGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_ALL_select_where_enumGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_BRG_G_ALL_interopGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_COP_R_ALL_interopGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_EVT_PE_G_EVT_NLE_nle_ignoredGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_IOP_MDA_self_eventGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_IOP_R_ALL_interopGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_MDA_R_ALL_interopGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_STE_assoc_relGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_STE_del_inst_multGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_STE_G_COP_compare_dateGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_STE_G_EVT_PE_to_creationGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    G_STE_G_STE_pe_le_same_stateGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/im1Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/im2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/im3Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/im4Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/ims2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/imsGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/imxGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/init1Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/init2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    interop_otherdomGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/memleakGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/mt1Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    nested_testGenericsGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/no_instGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    odmsGenericsGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/
    ooaofgraphicsGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/ooaofooaGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/polyGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/reflexiveGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/selectGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/selfGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/smGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/syncGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/syntaxGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/transGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/wim2Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/wim3Globals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/wimsGlobals.xtuml
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.mdl.test/expected_results/models/wimxGlobals.xtuml

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.io.sql/sql/bp_ooa_ooa.sql

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.model.compare/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/model/compare/
    ModelCacheManager.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.model.compare/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/model/compare/
    contentmergeviewer/ModelContentMergeViewer.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.model.compare/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/model/compare/
    providers/ComparableProvider.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.model.compare/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/model/compare/
    providers/custom/StateMachineComparable.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.model.compare.test/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/model/
    compare/test/ElementOrderingTests.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.model.compare.test/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/model/
    compare/test/ModelMergeTests.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.ui.sem/src/com/mentor/nucleus/bp/ui/sem/listeners/
    SemEditorListener.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.welcome/models/xtUML_Metamodel.xtuml

MC-Java/ooa_schema.sql

mc/schema/sql/xtumlmc_schema.sql

</pre>

End
---

