---

Copyright 2013 Mentor Graphics Corp.  All Rights Reserved.

---

# Add more information for Instance variables in Variable view such as related instances
### xtUML Project Implementation Note

1. Abstract
-----------
Currently, only model class attributes are displayed in the Variables view, 
which is not good since the user needs to use other views, e.g. Session 
Explorer, to find more information about the instance.

2. Document References
----------------------
[1] Issues 135, https://github.com/xtuml/internal/issues/135    
[2] CQ DEI dts0100895768 - Add more information for Instance variables in   
	Variable view such as related instances.  
[3] Design note : <cvs>\Documentation\internal\technical\notes\dts0100895768\dts0100895768.dnt  

3. Background
-------------
None.  

4. Requirements
---------------
See [3]  

5. Work Required
----------------
See [3]  

6. Implementation Comments
--------------------------
6.1 As the this Variables View enhancement is not requested by customer, and 
	the dispute which flavor is the best, and for consistency issue, the design
	is changed to make Variables view has three modes (switching between modes
	done by new added):  

6.1.1 The current mode, where only  where only attributes are listed as instance
		children. The current behavior is left is case the user did not like 
		the new enhancement, to be able to have the original behavior.
6.1.2 Enhanced mode, which basic copying Session Explorer view behavior for
	  instance reference. Everything listed under instance reference in SE view
	  will be listed in the same order when expand instance reference variable
	  in Variables view.

6.1.3 Grouped mode, which look very similar to enhanced mode except in two things,
	  first and this is the major one, it groups Variables view elements with 
	  the same name in tree, so instead of having repeated e.g R1 in view because
	  instance is related with more than one instance on this association, there
	  will be only single element with R1 name, and if the user wants to see
	  all of the related instance, he needs to expand it.
	  
	  i.e. 
	  - R1					1:instance, 2:instance, 3:instance 
			+ Instance		1:instance 
			+ Instance		2:instance 
			+ Instance 		3:instance 
	  
	  instead of 
	  - R1					1:instance 
	  - R1					2:instance 
	  - R1					3:instance 
	  
	  Second difference -in grouped mode than enhanced mode- is listing the
	  last executed event/transition (which is the last can happen 
	  event/transition executed to change current state machine from one to another)
			
6.2 To Allow the three previous modes, two check box preferences is added in
		"xtUML::xtUML eXecute" preference page.
		The two new preferences are : 			
		a. "Show more children for instances in Variables View"
		b. "Group related instances using same association under single element in 
		Variable view"
			
	
					Preference "a"		|	Preference "b"  
										|  
 Original Mode			unchecked		|		unchecked  
----------------------------------------+--------------------------------------   
 										|  
 Enhanced Mode			checked			|		unchecked  
 										|  
 ---------------------------------------+--------------------------------------  		
 										|  
 Grouped Mode			checked			|		checked  
 										|   
	
		Be default, and when reset to defaults, enhanced mode is selected.  

6.3 Originally, Referential Attribute was displayed in Variables views as 
	"Unknown Runtime Value", which is the default value when the code does not 
	a value for the selected variable, and what happened that the code
	could not find a Runtime Value instance related with Referential Attribute.  
	
	And that is fixed by checking if there is no  related RuntimeValue with
	AttributeValue, then query for a Runtime Value instance in the modelroot 
	with ID which is obtained from AttributeValue::GetRuntimeValue() operation.  

6.4 Printing a instances set value is changed to add total number of instances
    at the beginning of the string value.  
    
    Before:  1:Instance, 2:Instance, 3:Instance  
    After :  [3] 1:Instance, 2:Instance, 3:Instance  

7. Unit Test
------------
7.1 Debug verifier tests must pass.
7.2 Although it is mention in [3] that a manual test will be added, but 
	with investigation, it is found that automated test can be done without
	much effort. therefore, a new junit class test is added.
	
	The test execution a model in verifier, set breakpoint and execute the 
	model, then inspect/expand elements in Variables view and validate their 
	existence, value, and repetition.


8. Code Changes
---------------
Branch name: 135_dts0100895768_NM

<pre>

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/com/mentor/
    nucleus/bp/core/common/BridgePointPreferencesModel.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/com/mentor/
    nucleus/bp/core/common/BridgePointPreferencesStore.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/com/mentor/
    nucleus/bp/core/ui/preferences/VerifierPreferences.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.debug.ui [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/com/mentor/
    nucleus/bp/debug/ui/model/BPDebugElement.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.debug.ui [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/com/mentor/
    nucleus/bp/debug/ui/model/BPStackFrame.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.debug.ui [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/com/mentor/
    nucleus/bp/debug/ui/model/BPValue.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.debug.ui [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/com/mentor/
    nucleus/bp/debug/ui/model/BPVariable.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.debug.ui.test [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/
    VerifierTestSuite2.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.debug.ui.test [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/src/com/
    mentor/nucleus/bp/debug/test/VariableViewTests.java

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.pkg [internal 135_dts0100895768_NM]/
    plugin_customization.ini
-
</pre>

End
---

